{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15740\viewh10460\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs100 \cf0 Gus\'92s Fried Chicken \

\i\fs48 Content Document (Use as much or little of this content as your team feels will make a strong homepage design)
\i0\fs24 \
\

\b\fs56 current site: http://gusfriedchicken.com\
\
Main Nav
\b0\fs24 \
Menu\
About\
Locations\
Franchise\
Blog\
Contact Us\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Gus\'92s World Famous Hot & Spicy Fried Chicken  |  A Memphis Tradition\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
26 Locations\
\
12 States\
\
1 Recipe\
\
A BONNER FAMILY RECIPE SINCE 1953\
\

\b\fs56 Locations
\b0\fs24 \
Atlanta GA\
Austin TX\
Bartlett TN\
Birmingham AL\
Burbank CA\
Chamblee GA\
Chicago IL\
Collierville TN\
Detroit MI\
Fort Worth TX\
Greenbelt College Park MD\
Houston TX\
Kansas City KS\
Knoxville TN\
Lexington KY\
Little Rock AR\
Long Beach CA\
Los Angeles CA\
Mason TN\
Memphis - Downtown\
Memphis - East\
Oxford MS\
Royal Oak MI\
Sandy Springs GA\
St. Louis MO\
Southaven MS\
Westland MI\
\
\

\b\fs56 Menu
\b0\fs24 \
We only serve fresh, never frozen, natural, hormone-free chicken and fry everything in peanut oil\
\

\b STARTERS
\b0 \
Fried Pickles w/Ranch\
Fried Green Tomatoes\
\
\

\b SIDES
\b0 \
May vary by location\
\
Baked Beans\
Potato Salad\
Cole Slaw\
Seasoned Fries\
Fried Rice\
Mac & Cheese\
Whole Jalapeno\
Ranch Dressing\
\

\b \
PLATES
\b0 \
Plates include baked beans, slaw and white bread\
\
2 Piece White \'96 Breast and Wing\
3 Piece White \'96 2 Breast and Wing\
3 Piece Wing\
2 Piece Dark \'96 Thigh and Leg\
3 Piece Dark \'96 2 Thighs and Leg\
4 Tenders\
Half Chicken \'96 1 of Each Piece\
\
\

\b INDIVIDUAL PIECES
\b0 \
Breast\
Thigh\
Leg\
Wing\
\
\

\b SNACKS
\b0 \
Includes chicken and white bread\
\
2 Piece White\
2 Piece Dark\
8 Piece\
12 Piece\
16 Piece\
20 Piece\
[Make It A Meal With Baked Beans and Slaw Too!]\
\
\

\b DESSERTS
\b0 \
Pies \'96 Whole or Slice\
\
Pecan \'96 Chess \'96 Sweet Potato \'96 Old-fashion Coconut\
Vanilla Ice Cream\
\
\

\b BEVERAGES
\b0 \
Souvenir Cup Available For Purchase Includes Free Refills\
\
Coke, Diet Coke, Sprite, Dr Pepper\
Lemonade\
Fanta Orange\
Iced Tea \'96 Sweet or Unsweet\
IBC Root Beer (no free refills)\
Bottled Water\
\
\

\b\fs56 \
Testimonials
\b0\fs24 \
The best fried chicken I've ever had hands down. I'm a truck driver from West Memphis, so I've eaten everywhere and I mean everywhere. And it's no contest. Everybody fighting for second, because gus's is #1. I eat it at least once a week, after only trying them five weeks ago.\
\
Absolutely delicious!! Won't be going back to Memphis for the BBQ, it'll be for Gus's! Got the 3 piece white meat and definitely more than plenty of food. Went back twice in 3 days, kept craving it after the first day and couldn't leave without having it one more time. Perfect amount of "heat" in the chicken, don't let the "spicy chicken" scare you.\
\
\
\

\b\fs56 About Gus\'92s Fried Chicken \'96 Famous The World Over
\b0\fs24 \
Over 60 years ago in the small community of Mason, Tennessee, Napoleon \'93Na\'94 Vanderbilt created something amazing \'96 fried chicken that could unite a community.  In an era of divisive racial attitudes the residents of Mason found that they could all \'96 black and white \'96 agree on how much they loved Na\'92s fried chicken.\
\
Such an amazing feat did not occur overnight.  After experimenting for several years in a local tavern, Na and his wife, Ms. Maggie, began selling their chicken, sandwiched between two slices of white bread, out of the back door of the tavern.  As demand grew, Na and Maggie were encouraged by local residents to build a freestanding restaurant.  Unfortunately, the Vanderbilt\'92s were of modest means and could not afford such an expansion; however, generous, chicken loving locals offered to supply them with the materials necessary to build their own restaurant.  Na, a skilled carpenter, built the restaurant on a piece of land he and Ms. Maggie owned on Highway 70 in Mason.  Maggie\'92s Short Orders opened its doors in 1973.  The building still stands today and still serves Na and Maggie\'92s amazing fried chicken.\
\

\b A Bonner Family Recipe Since 1953
\b0 \
Maggie and Na continued to serve their community until their deaths, in 1982 and 1983 respectively.  The restaurant, however, remained a family affair.  Na\'92s only son, Vernon \'93Gus\'94 Bonner, inherited Maggie and Na\'92s priceless recipe and the restaurant they worked so hard to build, literally from the ground up.  In 1984, Gus and his wife, Gertrude, reopened under the now well-known name, \'93Gus\'92s World Famous Hot and Spicy Fried Chicken.\'94  Though the name may have changed, the Bonner family continued to honor Na and Ms. Maggie\'92s legacy by following and even perfecting their beloved fried chicken.\
\
You can\'92t keep good fried chicken a secret, and before long Gus\'92s World Famous Hot and Spicy Fried Chicken had a following that stretched far beyond the quiet streets of Mason, Tennessee.  Regional publications, including the Memphis Commercial Appeal, began featuring the restaurant in the late 1980s, and national publications, such as Saveur and GQ magazine, soon followed.  In fact, in January 2001, GQ named Gus\'92s Fried Chicken one of the top ten meals in the United States worth flying for.\
\

\b A Memphis Tradition
\b0 \
However, years before GQ\'92s writers took their first bite of Gus\'92s Fried Chicken, the Bonners found another loyal fan in Memphis native, Wendy McCrory.  Wendy, like so many before and after her, simply loved Gus\'92s World Famous Hot and Spicy Fried Chicken, so much so that she would often take the forty mile trek to Mason so that her out of town guests could enjoy a respite from the more typical Memphis fare, pork barbeque.  Seeing how truly special Gus\'92s was, Wendy began working in the Mason location during the weekends, getting to know the Bonner family and learning all she could about their restaurant.  After many years of eating Gus\'92s Fried Chicken, serving Gus\'92s Fried Chicken, and eventually cooking Gus\'92s Fried Chicken, Wendy opened the downtown Memphis location in November of 2001.  In the years since Wendy has grown the business to include locations across the nation, from California to Maryland with dozens of locations in between, and she has no plans to slow down.\
\
However, no matter how many Gus\'92s locations open or how far across the globe they expand, Wendy and the entire Gus\'92s family remain dedicated to the recipes and traditions originated by the Bonners. Note the slightly sweet beans and slaw served with every meal.  Gus and Gertrude perfected these recipes, allowing their slight sweetness to offset the spiciness of the fried chicken.  Notice too the slice of white bread that accompanies every plate, a tribute to those original chicken sandwiches Na and Maggie served their clients over 60 years ago.  As Gus\'92s continues to grow, we will honor these traditions and serve up some of the world\'92s best fried chicken.  And, before you ask, no, you cannot have the recipe.  As Gus once quipped, \'93This is a dead man\'92s recipe [and] I ain\'92t telling.\'94\
}